*This project has been created as part of the 42 curriculum by chrrazaf.*

## Description :

    This project aims to help us understand how some useful standard functions  works by creating our own library in which we will reimplement them.

## Instructions :
### Compilation :
To compile all the functions, run the command bellow :

    make
Note : not only it will compile all the *.c functions but it will also , at the same time, create an archive that will contain all the .o files that have been generated by the `make` command.
### Installation:
In order to be able to use the library, copy all the files ,the `ft_*.c` functions and  the `Makefile` in you're project directory.
After that, run the command listed in the `Execution` section listed bellow (according to your needs), then include the `libft.h` file in your project.

    Note: you should run the <make> command before using the library.
### Execution :
There goes some variables used in the makefile that are crucial for the compilation , and to have full control are :

    NAME //it is actually the name of the library to be created.
    
    SRCS //Lists all the necessary `ft_*.c` files for the library.

    OBJS // Transform all the .c files from SRC to some .o files.

The different command used in this project's make file are :

    make

The `make` command is used for compilation. it has actually been introduced in the `compilation` section.

    make clean

Delete all the generated `.o` file.

    make fclean
once executed , the `make fclean` command will call the `clean` command , then , it will delete the `libft.a` file.

## Resources:
*  how AI was used :

    In this project , i used AI to explain how some syntax that seems logic to me didn't work, and also , it explained how some function from the libc work, 'cause sometimes the instructions in the `man page` can be confusing.

*   The `man page` :

    though, it is sometimes hard to understand , it helped me a lot in implementin most of the functions of `Part I`.

* Online ressources :

    `stackOverflow`, `GeekforGeeks`, `reddit` and many other web sites were really useful , 'cause you can see there problems that may be similar to yours , and see how it have been solved.

## Detailed description about the library:

The library, is an idea from the first project in my cursus at 42School, divided in three part :

*   Part I :
   
        In this part one, we reimplemented some of the functions from the libc, some functions they think will be useful for our future projects.

*   Part II :

        Functions in this section is not included in the libc, but are required by 42 school , also, i think it is done to strengthen our solving problem skills and the understanding of  the `Part I` functions.

*   Part III :

        In this third part, they introduced us to linked list , how it works and why it is usefull. 

## Conclusion :

    All the functions created during this project, from part one  to the last one are made regarding to our future projects, and for developping our skills.
